Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I have some things on my heart.
I want to say this right off the bat: everything we do on this channel, in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
Everything is to give God glory.
It's not to draw attention to ourselves, but it's always to draw attention to him.
He said, "I'm going to do some things different.
" And he said to me, "I want you to go back to every single video of the things that I've warned you to pray about, and I want you to take the time to pray for every single individual thing for a while.
" He said, "I've given you enough, son, for a while.
There is a lot there that has never been prayed over.
" He said the crypto bill that got held back in the Senate failed because they didn't vote on it, and it should have been bathed in prayer and it wasn't.
He said there are attacks coming upon your soil that have not been bathed in prayer.
There are attacks against your president that have not been bathed in prayer.
Great war is rice-paper-thin, ready to break out across the world, and it needs more prayer.
He said there's much prayer that needs to be done.
We need to pray for the plague.
There's revival.
There are so many things with the wave and the markets and all about what is happening financially in this global economic shaking.
I told you all what the Lord said about Greenland and there was not a green light to take Greenland.
Many people said, "Well Brandon, we should take Greenland.
" I said it will cause a great rift in Europe.
It will cause a great rift around the world, and this is either a make-or-break time for President Trump's term.
He said the decisions in the valley of decision where he's at right now will make or break the election in the 2026 midterms.
This will be the deciding factor, the deciding things that he does over the next two weeks going into the first part of February.
He said this will be, even with the State of the Union speech, what makes or breaks this nation: if he gets the Senate and the House and the decisions that he makes.
He even warned me today in prayer.
He said he has ungodly counsel counseling him and you need to pray these people away—that he would have a visitation, that the eyes of his understanding would be enlightened, and that he would know who he can trust, who he can't trust, and who he needs to eliminate out of his cabinet in his spiritual circle.
I saw even moles in his spiritual circle and the Lord showed me, saying, "Brandon, this is very important that he takes no counsel from ungodly people.
" So I said, "Well, I will do what you asked me to do.
This is your channel.
" I'm telling you, if he told me to turn it off tomorrow, I'd do whatever he asked me to do and I would sail away into the sunset.
Ride away into the sunset.
That's just the way I feel.
I've done this strictly for him.
So to the haters, to the believers, to all of it, I don't really care what side of the fence you're on.
I give all the glory to God anyway.
And if he says, "Brandon, I'm done using you on YouTube," guess what?
My wife and I are satisfied with that.
But he said, "Brandon, I want you to pray more.
I want you to take authority because the church, the remnant, has power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us" to the believing believer.
Do you understand?
Not begging believers, believing believers.
People who understand who they are in Christ and that are willing to say, "Hey, thus far, Satan, and no further.
You will not cause people to be shot like it happened today in Florida with the retired couple.
" You can see the article right here; Braden posted it for you.
So, we see what the Lord showed us about chaos trying to happen in Orlando.
We had a guy that looked like an ISIS terrorist.
And so, that happened today.
Then we had a massive solar flare—the largest one in 20 years—erupt, a super solar storm.
The Lord said to watch for signs in the heavens.
The weatherman said you're going to see Northern Lights clear down into Oklahoma again.
This is an unusual happening that is occurring so back-to-back all the time now, because we saw them a couple of weeks ago and it was so bright everybody was taking pictures of it.
He said this one's going to be even stronger; it has the potential to be even stronger than the last one.
And the Lord said fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
In my dreams and in my praying time, he said, "I told you to start watching for the false alien invasions.
" He said, "These are demonic spirits that will come to try to deceive the masses.
" And he warned us about this and he brought it up to me again.
He said, "Brandon, I told you they were coming.
This is going to be a great deception.
They're going to try to show themselves to try to explain away the rapture of the church in the days ahead.
" We are so close to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And I know in the last video I brought up some things about crypto and there was so much about that when the Lord was talking about the vote that was supposed to take place.
We didn't have the vote because the enemy came in.
The Lord said this is Satan's wheelhouse.
This is what he was talking about.
What does it mean to contend?
He said, "My believers are going to have to contend for what's theirs.
" It won't just happen.
The remnant has to contend for the wealth transfer.
"For this is Satan's wheelhouse, Brandon, and he will resist you and fight you as hard as he can.
" He will try to come against the wealth transfer the most because he knows this is the end of the end.
And he knows that this will fuel the revival.
So if we're not believing believers using our authority over it and calling that money in, calling those things that be not as though they were, speaking to the finances to come in the name of Jesus because we have power, and life and death is in the power of the tongue.
And when you speak it out of your mouth, you can have whatsoever things you say.
Mark 11:24.
If you use those scriptures—the Bible says, "Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you shall have them.
" He also said in his word that if you abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you.
So the word of God has to be priority in your heart.
And when I saw the video before last and the Lord showed me Braden took that poll, I'm telling you you must be filled with the Holy Ghost, speaking in tongues.
My wife, Diana, got an email from somebody that had an audible voice reading this book "Why Tongues?
" because I'm not a person who likes to read and it's hard sometimes to really comprehend what you're reading because there's so much there to meditate on.
But I can hear it, and when I hear it and see it, I learn a lot better versus reading it because of what I've overcome.
So she found this and I listened to it today and I told her we have to listen to it again and again.
Why?
Because faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Why would you need to learn and do that?
You already pray in tongues.
Good.
Because faith comes by hearing and hearing again.
Even I don't know it all.
And I'm going to tell you, I learned something from this today, too.
So, even being as polished as some of you try to say we are—I don't see myself as that.
I just see myself as Brandon.
And I'm telling you all, I don't ever put myself on that pedestal that some of you try to.
But I'm going to tell you this: God is good.
And I'm excited about this book.
There's a video on YouTube with this being read, and it's a blessing.
So, I would encourage you, if you want to just listen to it in your car or on your headphones or whatever, you can find it.
There was a Derek Prince video he sent.
The Derek Prince video was about speaking in tongues and teaching the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Phenomenal.
And at the end of it, he leads you in the prayer of faith to receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
It's called 'Receive the Holy Spirit' by Derek Prince.
And I'm telling you, it's phenomenal.
Really, the first 30 minutes of the video is pretty slow, but when he gets to the last half and leads the people in the prayer, it is really amazing.
I loved it.
And so, I'm going to listen to that again and again.
It's so good to polish yourself and to keep going.
We don't know it all.
And anybody who says they do is highly mistaken and full of pride.
I'm going to tell you, watch out for people who think they know it all.
Brandon Biggs is a work in progress and so is Diana.
So is Braden.
We're all works in progress.
We're so thankful that God has had patience with us even in our shortcomings.
And I'm so thankful that you give me a chance every single day to come into your house and teach the Word of God to you and tell you that Jesus Christ is coming.
Thank you for praying with us today.
So, we're going to pray.
We're going to lift up these things.
Now, I was sent prophecies from other people saying things about JD Vance.
There's a prophetess that gave a word and she said that there were things that she saw concerning JD Vance, that he was two-faced and all these other things.
That is exactly what I try to tell you all.
It lines up with what I've seen.
So, all glory to God.
We didn't listen to it though.
I did not listen to it, but Diana was reading part of the transcript.
Someone emailed it to me.
Somebody emailed Diana what was being said.
So I want to say I believe what this prophet is saying.
I believe that's a right-on word, that he's two-faced and big-headed.
The Lord is warning about this.
And I'm not here to pick on people and judge their character.
But I'm also here to pray away the people that are not supposed to be in power that have been put in by people that are not right.
And I believe that God will remove what he needs to remove and raise up the right voice for the hour of 2028.
I said there will be a Watergate scandal come up in the days ahead if we do not pray these things away.
So there are major things the Lord has told us even concerning war and an escalation of war concerning Greenland and all those things.
And again, this last video the Lord showed us the Hispanic man rising up out of Claudia's position.
Claudia would be moved in eventually in the days ahead.
He said, 'But you will have to contend for it, Mexico.
You will have to pray, for they will try to put another corrupt puppet inside the Mexican government to rule over Mexico.
' Do you understand?
It's run by big mafia cartel drug lords.
And that's what the Lord was showing me.
He said this has been a stronghold for a while.
Just because we have a president now bringing light to it, this has been a problem for some time.
So, we see what the Lord has shown us about Venezuela.
We see all these things.
So, that's what we're going to do.
We're going to pray about it.
All right, let's take communion right now and we'll pray.
We're just going to jump right into this.
I'll give you a little recap, but I want this video to focus on praying for what we have seen in the past, what God has revealed to us.
And I truly believe it will show to be accurate with all my heart—what he has shown us about the tariffs.
That's tomorrow, which is the 20th.
It's probably already decided by now.
But we pray over these judges.
We pray over Trump and the decisions he'll make concerning Greenland.
The Olympics start on the 6th of February, which is in two weeks.
We've got major decisions concerning the crypto bill that needs to be pushed through and terrorist attacks—a Red Dawn experience.
I don't even really know, other than by the Holy Ghost, what direction or what the hot spot is.
He specifically said to me, 'I want you to take the time to pray over the things that I've already shown you instead of for me to give you anything new.
Pray over what I've given you, son.
It's very important.
' It's being left in the back field; nobody's there, and it just gets forgotten.
These are serious times.
We are in a time that the church needs to rise up and have a backbone like a crowbar or we're going to lose the land.
Do you understand?
It's not just for me to come out here and show you something and then you just say, 'Well, we'll see if that happens.
' Shame on you.
There's a lot of you doing that.
And so we're going to just pray.
Father, I thank you for the body that was broken for us.
We're so grateful for all that you've provided.
We're so grateful for your son.
Father, you became so real to us when you died on that cross and rose again on the third day.
When we accepted you as Lord and Savior, we became wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Spirit.
You dwell on the inside of us, that as he is, so are we in this world.
And we don't have to wallow around in a pig pen anymore.
We are joint heirs of Jesus Christ, seed with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers, that we're no longer kids that are broken, busted, and disgusted.
Father, as he is, so are we in this world.
And Father, you provided healing, wholeness, and wellness.
You provided the whole man.
Just like Oral Roberts University is talking about the whole man—spirit, soul, and body.
We don't just focus on the spirit or the body, but we focus on the mind, will, and emotions.
Spirit, soul, and body.
We focus on the whole man.
And Father, that's even taking care of our flesh, eating right things that you show me.
And Father, you said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' We're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
And Lord, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for this prayer time today.
Help us, Holy Spirit.
Help us to be effective, that we hit the target of what's on your heart today.
That we pray in the spirit in a brand new tongue.
We lift up holy hands before you, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise in Jesus' name.
We lift up this body and we go, 'God, you're good and your mercy endures forever.
' You're a healer.
You're a deliverer in all of it in Jesus' name.
Right, Lord.
We take the blood and we apply the blood over us and we make much of the blood.
And Father, whatever it takes to get the job done, Father, you've put the closers in and we're closers here today.
We're here to lift up the holy name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for all you did with your blood.
You are the sacrifice that took all our sins.
You took all of it and you became sin for us.
You became sickness.
You became all that we needed.
And Father, I thank you.
You took all of it.
And we make much of the blood, Father, and the blood makes much of us.
And we dedicate this time of prayer to you, all to the glory of God.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood that washes us and makes us whole in Jesus' name.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, you're so good to us.
Now, God, we lift up all these needs and all these things that we've been praying over this last year.
There are so many things, Lord, to pray over here.
But we'll just start out by lifting up our president before you.
So grateful, Father, for President Trump.
I know he has a lot on him.
And he has all in dealing with his own flesh, his own marriage, his own children, his own pride, his own needs—whatever he has in there—plus the demonic pressure.
I can't even imagine the demonic pressure that's tried to knock him off his course.
So, Father, we just lift him up before you.
We thank you, Father, that you keep him, and you said you would give him perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee because we trust in you, Lord.
And we believe, Father, that you've appointed people.
You put in kings and you take out kings.
You put in presidents; you take presidents out.
Father, I know that you told me, 'I've called him and chosen him for such a time as this.
' And we don't exalt the man; we exalt you.
And we just thank you, Lord, that you have your hand on the heart of the leader.
The heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
And we believe, Father, that today Trump's not a king; Trump's just a president.
But God, I believe that the people—we voted and we believe for a good leader over this nation.
And you said, 'Pray for our leaders.
' We lift up our leaders before you right now.
And we expose and uncover by faith in the name of Jesus every dark agenda concerning this nation.
Every dark agenda concerning this nation, and we bind you and we command you to cease and desist in your maneuvering.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that Trump will be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
That, Father, he would find you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he would seek you and find you, and the door will be open.
That you would speak to him, Lord, and a stranger's voice he'll not follow.
The Bible says to take no counsel from the ungodly.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that he has great discernment in the name of Jesus concerning leading this nation.
I call his eyes to flood with light right now according to Ephesians 1, that the eyes of his understanding would be enlightened.
Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus all around him, all around his thinking, all around his cabinet.
I call, Father, for supernatural leadership to rise up all around him, that the hand of the Lord would guide him concerning Iran, concerning Greenland, concerning Venezuela, Mexico, and Cuba, and the enemy within.
Father, exposing the corruption and finances all throughout Minnesota and Pennsylvania and Ohio and all of Nevada and California.
Could be Florida since I said that.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the darkness just like you did in Minnesota, that you're bringing opening and tearing off that curtain—that big guilt of all the corruption—and you're exposing it, and Ilhan Omar is being removed in the name of Jesus.
We call her position filled with a godly person.
We call for her position to be removed right now.
Removed and deported back to where she came from.
I call it in the name of Jesus done now for all the corruption in the mayor, the governor, the corruption in the lower levels; we call an exposing and expelling of all the corruption in Jesus' name all throughout Minnesota, all throughout California, all throughout Pennsylvania and Boston and all these areas, Father, in New York, that God would reign over these areas.
And Father, the seedtime and harvest—the seeds of the wicked would reap the harvest now in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, for all our ICE agents.
They're protected, Father, that they would find all the illegal terrorists, the people that would try to cause harm, the enemy within—the Red Dawn experience.
I know there are some of those people, Father, they're just coming over here trying to find work and try to provide for their families.
But that's not all of them.
A lot of them are here to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
And so, Father, the MS-13 and the drug lords and all the people that come over here illegally to kill, steal, and destroy, Father, we call them exposed and expelled in the name of Jesus.
Father, that the angels of the Lord would help camp around and about our agents to go and get them and cause them to come out of here.
Father, that we will not have mass terrorist attacks over our nation in the name of Jesus.
We pray over our churches right now in Jesus' name.
Over every church that's represented here, Father, from Lakewood to Cornerstone to Elevation to all of them.
Father, there are so many people, so many churches.
We lift them up before you.
The River Church in Tampa, over every church.
We call forth protection, that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about every single congregation in the name of Jesus.
We say, Satan, you will not touch our pastors.
We call shaking in our churches.
We call humbling in our churches.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said you would shake us to awake us, to bring the bride to your side.
And God, I call for that shaking to awaken, to bring the bride by your side.
And Father, we call forth a major harvest of souls from sea to shining sea, all around the Gulf to Canada and over Canada to sea to shining sea.
We call a major revival in Jesus' name over these areas.
Father, we call in the harvest of souls.
We call in protection.
We call in, Father, that we will do it uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Blessed in the city, blessed in the field, blessed coming in, and blessed going out.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth that godly leader over Mexico.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Claudia Sheinbaum would be removed in the mighty name of Jesus.
We call Claudia Sheinbaum to lose her seat of power.
We call a new president in over Mexico, Father, to be that man that you showed me that looks like Antonio Banderas.
Father, I call that new leader to rise up and lead that nation out of poverty, bringing in economic growth, economic blessing over the Hispanic Mexican culture people.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus that this will be a time of great acceleration of wealth transfer for the Spanish community.
Father, they work hard and we thank you, Lord, that you bless their work and the efforts of their hands.
I thank you, Father, you give them creative ideas to get wealth.
Now, Father, over the crypto community and what's going on with this digital new industrial revolution and all the things that you've showed me over the boomer, the Sooners concerning South Korea and Japan.
Father, I call a stirring in those governments right now in the name of Jesus that it will not go communist.
It will not go to the dragon, but they'll stand like a backbone, like a crowbar, and they'll rise up in Taiwan.
They'll rise up in South Korea and they will pray over their land and they will not go communist.
They will not come underneath the iron curtain.
We call a stirring in those countries.
We call a stirring in the church in those countries that they would wake up and see that the Lord is good, and they'll remember what they used to do before.
The elders, they'll not go back to communistic ways.
They'll rise up in the name of Jesus and say, "We will have a nation that's underneath God.
" We call revival over South Korea and over Japan and over all the areas of Asia.
We call a revival in the name of Jesus to rise up and proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and King of Kings, and he's coming sooner than what we think.
He's standing at the door ready to receive his bride.
I call a financial breakthrough for every single person that's represented here today.
We speak in the name of Jesus that we're blessed in the city.
We're blessed in the field.
We're blessed coming in and we're blessed going out.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
And I call my bank account filled up in the name of Jesus.
I call their bank account filled up in the name of Jesus with supernatural witty ideas and creative ideas to get wealth.
Everything we put our hands to would prosper and we will lack no good thing.
We'll have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel of Jesus Christ throughout this whole world and then the end will come.
We believe, Father, that you called us and you have chosen us for such a time as this.
We're that salt and we've not lost our saltiness.
We will not get weary in well-doing.
We'll rise up on the wings of eagles and we will take back and take our dominion authority over this earth because it's God-given.
He said you have dominion and authority over all of Satan's works.
And I believe, Father, that you've called us and you've chosen us to be that ecclesia, that church that rises up and says enough is enough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the Olympics.
It's always fun to watch, but God, I know the terrorists have a plot and a plan to go against it, to hurt the people that are attending.
And then the opening ceremony, there's something dark there that you've told me that is an abomination to you.
I say in the name of Jesus, it will not happen.
You said, "Watch the Olympics.
" What is it?
The sixth opening ceremony around it, the third, there's something.
Father, I thank you Lord right now in the name of Jesus that every hidden plan, every hidden assignment from Macron, from black swan events—I saw him going down the river in France with the black swan event.
We call that exposed in Jesus' name.
I saw a major terrorist attack coming to the Vatican.
And I say in the name of Jesus, a major event will not take place even at the Vatican.
We've seen earthquakes in diverse places outside of Oregon, even in Italy.
We've seen earthquakes taking place in Japan, the Ring of Fire.
And I thank you, Father.
Some of these things you said we could not stop.
But I ask you, Father, that a thousand should fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, it will not come nigh us.
That every believer that is represented here today, we cover them with the blood of Jesus and that there will be no calamity, no act of violence, nothing will come nigh them in Jesus' name.
No virus of any kind.
Father, you said in your word, we stand on that scripture Psalm 91.
You said a thousand should fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
We believe God.
We believe there's revival taking place.
And Father, there will be a shaking with crypto.
There's going to be a shaking with this new industrial revolution.
Father, there'll be a shaking in finances.
There'll be a shaking in politics.
There'll be a shaking in the earth.
There'll be a shaking in political things.
There'll be a shaking in the church.
I thank you that you shake us to awake us, oh God.
Shake us to awake us.
No more slumber.
No more sleep.
Wake up, church.
You're running out of time.
We're running out of time.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You've been so good to us already.
And God, a lot of people have turned their back on you.
They've had hearts of pride.
They've had hearts of being full of themselves or they've been focused on what they shouldn't be focused on and they've lost focus of Jesus.
Father, bring us back to your side.
Father, with a higher praise, a higher glory for you, Jesus.
Oh Lord, you've been so good to us.
And you've had mercy when we didn't deserve mercy.
We've had favor when we didn't deserve favor.
Every one of us deserved hell and you pulled us right out of hell because we accepted you by your grace.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your grace.
By grace, you are saved through faith.
And we're so thankful that you said 1 Corinthians 5:5 was going to be the anthem of 2026 and it would go clear into 2027 and 2028.
And you said, "I was going to shake the nations.
" You said, "I'm going to shake the nations for three years.
" There'll be great shakings to awaken.
And God, I thank you, Lord.
But my remnant will be held in the cleft of the rock.
And I will protect you as it passes by.
And I saw that death angel.
I saw the shakings.
I saw all of it coming.
And you said, "I will protect my bride.
I will protect the ones that are awake, Brandon.
And I will hide you in the cleft of the rock.
" I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you said seed time and harvest will accelerate.
Seed time and harvest is going to accelerate.
And the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
And it will be on the just and the unjust.
You said, "Brandon, I'll let it be on the just and the unjust.
You're going to see an acceleration and great corruption will be uncovered and you'll see acceleration of blessing on my church.
Goodness and mercy will follow you and you will see that goodness of uncommon wealth, uncommon favor, uncommon success, it's unprecedented.
It's like it's going to be something that you know whenever it happens you'll be quick and give God all the glory.
" We're quick to give all the glory.
Oh Father, we know it is you.
No matter where we are in life, we know it is you in an unusual way.
Favor and blessing in unusual ways are coming to the body.
Unusual, when you entertain angels unaware.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we will know and we'll be so quick to acknowledge when we're in that place of an angel's presence.
We say, "It's not that we're giving any praise to an angel, but we really need to shake his hand.
Hey, how are you doing?
It's good to meet you.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, regarding the false alien invasions.
We thank you, Lord, that the people would have great discernment.
And the more they talk about these aliens and all this stuff, we know it's just fallen demonic spirits.
It's satanic.
There's no such thing as aliens.
People need to know that it's just demonic spirits sent to be a distraction to bring glory to themselves, to cause confusion.
AI will be used for the exact same things.
You'll not know the difference between real and fake, authentic and fake.
It's coming.
You'll have to question and see; there's so much deception coming.
And he said it will get even more intense and the digital money and the money system will come into full effect into 2031.
I saw and the Lord said great shaking is coming even into 2031 for some.
What will you do with these next three years going into 2028?
What will you do with it?
Will you squander the time away of what you have left?
He said again, 'Brandon, you only have three more years.
' Three more years of this until what, Lord?
He hasn't said.
'I'm watching over the next three years.
' He says, 'What do you do with this time I've given you, church?
' Oh, Father, we give you praise and glory.
What is that, hon?
The Bank of England must plan for a financial crisis sparked by aliens.
What in the world is that?
Do you see that article?
Do you understand where we are with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, church?
That's 'the Bank of England must plan for a financial crisis sparked by alien invasions.
' What are they thinking?
It's the rapture of the church.
A major economic crisis will happen because the aliens are taking the rapture—that's what they're going to blame it on.
The Christians all left, folks.
It's going to cause havoc in the economic world.
So, we must know that the aliens took them.
It's not aliens; it's Jesus.
He's coming again.
But they have to have an alibi.
They can't tell all the world, 'Hey, just let you know the Christians got raptured up with Jesus.
They were right when they all said we were wrong.
' No, they're not going to say that.
'It was the aliens that took them all.
' We've got to get prepared for it.
They know.
Even the world knows what's coming.
The signs are all around us and they're preparing for the great day of Jesus' coming.
Where did the Christians go?
They went with the aliens.
That's how dumb they'll be.
They don't have an alibi other than that.
So that's why I'm trying to tell you all.
That's amazing.
When did that article come out?
Today.
Wow.
So that was in my spirit and the Lord said, 'It's coming.
' And that's amazing, son.
What a find.
Great job.
Wow.
What is that one right there?
'Search for Alien Artifacts.
' Sorry to interrupt this prayer for this little thing right here, but this is important.
The search for alien artifacts is coming into focus.
I'm telling you what the Spirit of the Lord is telling me right now as I'm praying tonight: a great alien deception is coming.
I hope you know.
I hope you're not deceived by what you're about to see.
Keep your eyes to the skies.
The coming of the Lord is at hand.
Well, you said three years.
That's at hand.
Thousands of years of humanity—6,000 plus—and we're at the end of it all.
What's three years?
2025 was like a flash.
We're already almost over the first month of 2026.
We've got only 11 more months left until 2027.
Do you see how fast it goes?
You have that other article with that alien in there?
I wanted to see that.
I didn't get to read the headline.
No, it's the same thing: 'The Bank of England warned to prepare for economic chaos sparked by the existence of alien life.
' So creepy.
I want to pray in the spirit for a minute and see if He has anything else for me to pray.
I feel a stirring to pray over this.
I'm not holding you too long; I'm keeping these videos shorter for these next couple of videos.
I feel in my heart there's so many of you that if you could just take a little bit of time with us and really pray over this, we can change things.
But when it's buried so far in the back and you're not praying until the very back of the video, you don't watch the whole thing.
The algorithms tell us.
So that means you ain't praying over it.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're saying all this stuff and then you're rehashing it, but nobody's ever praying it.
They take it and they put it on the shelf.
' These words that the Lord's given us are for very serious times.
It's not for entertainment.
'Well, I want to see if it comes to pass'—that's not what we're here for.
This isn't a psychic hotline.
That's what most people act like.
'Let's see what Dionne Warwick's saying today.
' I'm a Holy Ghost-baptized Christian that's coming here to tell you Jesus Christ is coming and you need to repent or you're going to hell.
These are signs that tell you how to pray and believe.
He's trying to warn you.
This isn't some weird psychic thing; this is all Jesus.
And it really made me fired up and angry about it.
And I thought, 'You know what?
We're going to do things a little different.
' And the Lord said, 'Do things different.
You've got to pray more.
' So, we're going to pray more.
All right.
Instantaneously I'm seeing that.
I'm not going to tell you what I saw.
I see this.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over JD Vance.
' Okay.
It's the same thing with a Monica Lewinsky scandal.
You understand?
Hallelujah.
We call, and then He reminded me of this right here.
He said, 'Speak over the seeds concerning the spring, over your crops for GM genetically modified seeds.
Pray over the drought concerning the day.
' We call in the rain.
We call in the rain.
Rain, come in Jesus' name.
Rain, come in Jesus' name over our wheat crops, over our crops.
We call in the rain.
We speak to the drought in Jesus' name: you bow your knee.
We will not have an ice storm over Texas.
We will not have a major ice storm over Texas and over southern Oklahoma.
We will not have it.
We command it in the name of Jesus to bow its knee.
We will not have major power outages.
We command the ice storm to go.
We call in just snow or just rain.
But either way, we need the moisture for our wheat crops.
But we're not going to have damaging ice, crippling ice storms.
When He showed me the storm, it went clear over a thousand miles long, and I remember it so strongly that the Lord said there'll be power outages for hundreds of thousands of people.
And He said, 'Come against it.
' We speak to it in the name of Jesus: you will not take our power.
You will not have major outages all over our nation.
We command it in the name of Jesus for really cold temperatures to come in.
I saw that cold arctic air, and I say in the name of Jesus, yeah, it's good to have some good cold air to kill the bugs and things like that, but we will not have destruction because of it and outages up to three weeks, solar storms, and people freezing.
We'll not have it being too hot in the summer.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, that we come against the spirit of destruction when it comes to weather and weather modification and weather warfare.
He warned us about it.
We come against it in the name of Jesus.
He said the very thing they tried to control, they will lose control, and we will not have that.
We call weather warfare, weather modification, weather manipulation—we say cease and desist in the name of Jesus.
And the very chemicals they spray, HAARP, whatever they use, Father, would break.
We call it to break.
We call it to fall apart so that they wouldn't be able to do it.
Father, them trying to play God—I thank you that you put the fear of God in them.
You put the fear of the Lord in them, Father, for trying to cause havoc in nations.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We will have rain.
We will not have a major drought in the Panhandle, over Amarillo and over Lubbock and over the areas of Texas.
We call forth rain over Oklahoma, and we turn this drought around in the name of Jesus Christ.
And we will break this drought.
We call in rain from the north, the south, the east, the west, and it will not be damaging rain, but we call the gulf moisture up from the Gulf of Mexico.
And we say in the name of Jesus Christ, we'll have more than rain—more than enough to fill up our lakes, our ponds, our streams—and we will have an abundant harvest of rain in Jesus' name.
And that goes all the way up through the heartland, all up through the valley, all the way up through Missouri, going up through Kansas, all the way up, Father, through Ohio.
And we say in the name of Jesus, rain come: a blessing of rain, a blessing of snow.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it would be more than enough to fill our lakes and our streams when the snow melts.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nobody loses their life.
Father, there will be a protection over our people.
And Lord, we give you praise and glory that there will not be crippling ice storms.
We say in the name of Jesus, we will not have crippling ice storms.
We will not have it and we will not stand for it.
We call in whatever needs to happen to the weather for it not to happen like that.
Do you believe that?
Stand with that.
I see it really hard; I see it strong.
It is the projecting of when the storm moves across.
He said that the temperature will be warm enough to do this.
It needs to be colder air faster to bring in more sleet and snow mix.
We are praying over Taiwan.
You will not have their land, China.
You will not have their land.
We bind that spirit of communism, and we say in the name of Jesus: thus far and no further, you will not have the land of Taiwan.
You will not have South Korea.
And Father, we call even North Korea to be released in the name of Jesus from that dictator, Kim Jong-un.
We say you are being removed and your sister is removed in the name of Jesus and great revival will come.
We call it in right now in Jesus' name that the blessing of the Lord is on the Asian nations, that we will have a major move of God on the Asian people.
We thank you, Lord.
We are calling those things that be not as though they were right now in the name of Jesus that Asia will have a major move of God.
We call it stirred, the blessing, the increase, and the favor.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, when the enemy comes in like a flood, you raise up a standard against the devil right now concerning Taiwan.
We put that golden dome of the glory over Taiwan in Jesus' name.
And the people rise up and pray.
We hold back the communist regime over their land and we break it down for the underground church of China to rise up in the name of Jesus and take back the land for the glory of God.
We believe that China will have a major revival.
We believe that Hawaii will have a major revival.
We call Hawaii a red state and a major outpouring of the Spirit of God like they have never seen before.
There are more with us than there are with them.
Taiwan, there are more with you than there are with them.
They may have a hundred-million-man army, but there are more angels with you than there are with them.
I don't care how many soldiers the Chinese army has; there are more angels of the Lord with you, Taiwan, than there are with them.
I see a cloud the size of a man's hand for breakthrough for you.
We call breakthrough concerning this.
I see China raising up—they are going to try to do something in the days ahead—but we call for the hand of God to move on our behalf right now concerning Taiwan and the people of Taiwan.
We put a hedge of blood around that island and we say in the name of Jesus Christ, the angels of the Lord are camping around.
Though a thousand missiles fall at their side, they will all fall in the ocean; they will not touch the land.
I thank you that the angels of the Lord hold it back.
We hold back the plan and the plot from Xi Jinping.
We hold back the hand and the plot from Xi Jinping.
We hold back the hand and the plot so that they will have confusion in their camp.
They will remove Xi Jinping in Jesus' name.
They will remove Xi Jinping.
We call for confusion in the Communist Party of China.
They will remove Xi Jinping and bring in another leader.
By the time it is done, it will be years past because they have confusion in their own camp.
And the underground church of China rises up and has a major revival while there is confusion in the politics in China.
We call for an open door of opportunity, not just a window, for the greatest harvest of souls China has ever seen.
We call for a regime change and a turning of the tide in China and in North Korea.
And we say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, you will not bring these people down anymore.
We call that Iron Curtain moved back and removed in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that nothing is too hard or impossible for you.
All things are possible to him who believes.
We believe, Father, that you have called us and chosen us for such a time as this.
I call for revival in Honolulu, Hawaii.
I call for revival in Maui.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a major move of God throughout Australia.
You are raising up new Davids and new Esthers throughout the land of Australia in the name of Jesus and through New Zealand.
Lord, we thank you that Europe will not see a great war.
We call for a diffusing of the war in Europe over Ukraine and Russia.
We call for the shaking of the false temples throughout Asia—a thousand-year-old temple destroyed in a day.
You will see this in a headline: 'A thousand-year-old temple destroyed in a day.
' We pray over our brothers and sisters in Iran and we call the pink currency to rise in Jesus' name.
We call for a change of tides in Iran for a major revival within the land for Persia to lose the hold of Babylon.
We call for a stirring in the churches, Father—every pastor, every prophet, every teacher, every evangelist—a stirring in their spirit for a fresh fire and a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blessing and the favor of God all over this nation for a great revival.
We call all these things done in the name of Jesus and we will see the victory.
We receive it by faith.
This is the time of an acceleration of the glory of God on our lives, on marriages, and on single people.
Father, I thank you that the glory of the Lord is resting on their homes.
We call their wayward children home.
We call for the blessing on their houses, that none should perish but all come to repentance.
Thank you, Lord, for healing and wholeness over our bodies.
We lack no good thing.
We are healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
Father, we are free from obesity and weight issues.
We get our weight under control.
We get our health under control.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our digestive systems and the things we do.
We are healed, whole, and well in Jesus' name.
Father, we have a sound mind.
I thank you, Lord, that every one of us doesn't look to food as comfort, but food is fuel.
It's not a stress reliever.
You're our ever-present help in a time of need, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Delivered, Father, from all kinds of addictions.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that this is a time we call those things that be not as though they were.
Everyone is delivered from alcohol, nicotine, drugs, sex, pornography, abuse, and all kinds of things.
We believe, Father, this is a time like never before that your bride walks victorious and by your side in the name of Jesus.
Everyone say, 'Amen and amen.
' Well, I think that's good.
An hour and ten minutes of praying, and we'll do it again.
The Lord said keep coming.
Keep doing this, and we're going to keep doing this.
We will pray over this until I feel released.
But there's so many things that we cannot just let go.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
And the church is rising up like a backbone, like a crowbar.
So, this gives you enough time to pray, probably on the way to work or home or whatever you want to do.
And you can pray with me and use your authority.
Know who you are.
Jesus calls you for such a time as this.
We're excited you're here today.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the thumbs up.
We're so excited that you take the time to pray with us, for many hands make light work, doesn't it?
When there's a lot of us praying together, we're excited when you pray and take this time serious.
So, glory to God.
Well, we will see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.